
# Goal and Preface!

Preface: 
Due to perfection and improvement of hardwares and associated techniques, accuracy and fidelity steadily improve over time. Through hardworks all scientists contributed(such as quantum error correction and qauntum fualt tolerant algorithms), we are seemed to be on the tail of NISQ era. To catch on and harness such tide as a group of students whose interpretaions and notions may not be as sharp and percise as experts in related realm. We would fistly follow chapter by chapter to learn through fundamental concepts and cement solid background about qauntum information and qauntum computaion in one of the most classic and recommanded textbook which is Quantum Computation and Quantum Information 10th Anniversary Edition (Michael A. Nielsen, Isaac L. Chuang) (Z-Library).

Goal:
Cultivate ability to read and understand related essays and papers to the extent that can explain those ideas from most superfacial to most impressive, in the prospect to be able to practically perform development or design of quantum algorithms that is actually problem-solving and of contribution to not only academia but society. 

[!NOTE]
Our current textbook is:Quantum Computation and Quantum Information 10th Anniversary Edition (Michael A. Nielsen, Isaac L. Chuang) (Z-Library)

# Solutions
Check the Complete solution [here]()/(yet finished)

There may include various formats for solution representation, such as `.pdf` or `.png` and `.tex` files. And if there are more than one solution to the same exercise, we would disscuss and merge those ideas into one best(biased of course) solution.

[!WARNING] 
These solutions should be used for students who want to further secure their understanding to the material. Because the solution is generated by  contributors mainly students, the solutions are not always correct(may sometimes error terribly in details). please be more careful and adpot dialectical views when referencing.


# Basic Git/Github workflow and Github Desktop
[!Tips] 
The main regulation is never change upstream main directly through your PR(pull request), a brief introduction to the workflow is
- **Fork** [repositorie](https://github.com/RebornantCBB/QCQI_reading), for the first time you engage in specific open source project.
- Open and log in `Github desktop`
- Clone **forked** repositorie from **your** account(which means the https link would replace RebornantCBB to `your_github_name`)
- **Create new branch** as working directory and make changes, hot key:`ctrl`+`shift`+`N`.
- **Commit** Changes and **Push** the changes you just commited to your github remote. 
- **Yeild PR(pull request)**
- (Suggested but optional) Finally, at the time your PR is accepted. **Delete** your branch(this can keep sychornizing local main, remote main and upstream more efficiently. I reckon).
- When you want to make new changes to the project(like volunteering to do more solutions about differnt exercises/problems here). Redo all the above steps except for fork. 

If you are a begginer for git/github, please be patient and carefully work through below tutorials which can help you get familiar with basic knowledges and notions one needed to try participating a open source github project. 
1. To simplify the rather comlplex workflow by directing using github, I highly recommend to use Github Desktop to save time, you can download it [here](https://desktop.github.com/download/) and learn how to use it [here](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/overview/getting-started-with-github-desktop) in `github Docs`.
2. (Optional) If you want to learn git in first principle view and essential its insight in git workflow, I highly you to self learning the git bash commands, to fully govern all possible controll to your files' version and state. A start point may be [this tutorial](https://youtu.be/zTjRZNkhiEU?si=ViCOHLurRTRDMObY) on Youtube credit to [freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/@freecodecamp).
3. When any problems happened. Trouble-shoot the problems with morden LLM such as ChatGPT, Claude 3.5 and Gimini or consulting frequently with google. If the problems are still suspended, try to ask groupmembers politely in our wechat(for now there's only wecaht group associated to this reading). 

# Guidelines for contribution
1. Add your name agaist [list of contributiors](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YBXTFXO4Gu4zAKTO1oMfD4B1ZHaGMmnpUIP1HehfEqA/edit?gid=0#gid=0) when you want to give solutions to specific exercise/problem.
2. `.pdf` or `.png` scheme:`image_yourname_Chapter_Section_Number_label` and upload such pictures to `image` folder in each corresponding chapters.
3. `.tex` file name scheme:  `Exercise_yourname_Chapter_Section_Number` or `Problem_yourname_Chapter_Section_Number` when it is a solution to a open problem. In the aim to eliminate format mess.
4. Please do PR(pull request) instead of commit directly into the `main` everytime one try to offer solutions to exercises. Which means one have to fork, clone and generate local working branch before pushing to main.  
5. If you find any error be sure to raise the issue. We would try to solve it ASAP.
6.Be polite and respectful to others =]

*For more details about PR look [here](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/working-with-your-remote-repository-on-github-or-github-enterprise/creating-an-issue-or-pull-request-from-github-desktop)*

**Anyone can join this reading, but must obey above-mentioned rules**

# Guidelines for Latex

1. Use `solution_template.zip` as a startpoint to create solutions. To adpot it, just download and go to [Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/) click *new project* and **upload** `solution_template.zip` file.
2. Main package we use
   - `amsmath` for equation alignment
   - `braket` to write dirac notation efficiently. More infos see [here](https://ctan.org/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/braket?lang=en)
   - `tikz` or `quantikz` to draw specific ciruit as you wish. More infos see [here](https://ctan.org/pkg/quantikz?lang=en)
3. If you are using other packages or template which may lead to output pdf far difference than our template, please contact the administrators such as *RebornantCBB*. 
4. For those who is not familiar with Overleaf, you can learn to use Overleaf by [official tutorial](https://www.overleaf.com/learn)

# Critical Announcements

Each of the meeting will be recorded through OBS or any other software which is capable of completing exactly the same task. And would be accessible on [bilbli]('') or [youtube]('').
 